Update index.md (#4466)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/guide/architecture-styles/index.md

By adhering to these constraints, what emerges is a system where services can be deployed independently, faults are isolated, frequent updates are possible, and it's easy to introduce new technologies into the application.

Each architecture style has its own trade-offs. Therefore, before choosing any architectural style, make sure that you understand the underlying principles and constraints of that style. Otherwise, you can end up with a design that conforms to the style at a superficial level, but does not achieve the full potential of that style. You need to pay attention more to why you're choosing a certain architectural style than to how to implement it. It's also important to be pragmatic. Sometimes it's better to relax a constraint, rather than insist on architectural purity.

> Choosing an appropriate architectural style should be done ideally with a team of 3-5 stakeholders. The team should firstly identify the shape of the problem they are trying to solve. Then they should identify business drivers and corresponding architecture characteristics (also known as non-functional requirements) then prioritize them. For example, if they need shorter time to market, they should prioritize maintainability, testability and deployability. Or if they have constrained time or budget, they should prioritize feasibility and simplicity. Afterwards, the team can identify a candidate architecture style but they must be sure that the shape of their candidate architecture style matches the shape of the problem they are trying to solve. Otherwise, it can lead to an epic failure. Also note that choosing and maintaining an architectural style is not a one-off activity but a continuous approach: the architecture should be continuously measured, validated and fine-tuned over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choosing an appropriate architectural style should be done ideally with a consensuses of informed workload stakeholders. The workload team should firstly identify the nature of the problem they are trying to solve. Then they should identify business drivers and corresponding architecture characteristics (also known as non-functional requirements) then prioritize them. For example, if they need shorter time to market, they might prioritize maintainability, testability, and reliable by rapid deployment capabilities. Or if the workload team has constrained budget, they might prioritize feasibility and simplicity. Choosing and maintaining an architectural style is not a one-off activity but a continuous approach: the architecture should be continuously measured, validated and fine-tuned over time. There is usually significant cost involved in switching architectural style, so more effort up front can be justified for long term team efficiency and risk mitigation.
```
